## Description

Metrics help you monitor the health and performance of your clusters. Create a monitoring
configuration to forward cluster and app metrics to IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig.
Use the IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service observability plug-in to create a monitoring
configuration for IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig in your cluster, and use this
monitoring configuration to automatically collect and forward metrics to IBM Cloud
Monitoring with Sysdig.

With IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig, you can collect cluster and pod metrics, such as
the CPU and memory usage of your worker nodes, incoming and outgoing HTTP traffic for
your pods, and data about several infrastructure components. In addition, the agent can
collect custom application metrics by using either a Prometheus-compatible scraper or a
StatsD facade.

IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig is a cloud-native, and container-intelligence
management system that you can include as part of your IBM Cloud architecture. Use it to
gain operational visibility into the performance and health of your applications, services,
and platforms. It offers administrators, DevOps teams and developers full stack telemetry
with advanced features to monitor and troubleshoot, define alerts, and design custom
dashboards. IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig is operated by Sysdig in partnership with
IBM.

## Remediation

### From Console:

1. Log in to IBM Cloud at https://cloud.ibm.com.
2. Click **Menu icon --> Resource list**
3. Select your cluster under Clusters to go to the details page.
4. Select the **Overview** tab
5. Under **Monitoring** click Connect.
6. Select the region and the IBM Cloud Monitoring with Sysdig service instance that
you want to use (or create an instance), and click **Connect**.

### From Command Line:

1. Create the Sysdig monitoring configuration.

```bash
ibmcloud ob monitoring config create --cluster <cluster_name_or_ID> --
instance <Sysdig_instance_name_or_ID>
```