## Description

Update the worker nodes in a cluster to the latest patch version so that security fixes are
applied to those worker nodes.

## Remediation

### From Console:

1. Log in to the IBM Cloud console.
2. Optional: Add capacity to your cluster by resizing the worker pool. The pods on the
worker node can be rescheduled and continue running on the added worker nodes
during the update.
3. To view a list of your resources, go to **Menu > Resource List**.
4. From your IBM Cloud resource list, select your cluster.
5. Select the **Worker Nodes** tab.
6. Select the checkbox for each worker node that you want to update. An action bar is
displayed over the table header row.
7. From the action bar, click **Update**.

### From Command Line:

1. Complete the [prerequisite steps](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/containers?topic=containers-update#vpc_worker_prereqs).
2. Optional: Add capacity to your cluster by resizing the worker pool. The pods on the
worker node can be rescheduled and continue running on the added worker nodes
during the update.
3. List the worker nodes in your cluster and note the ID and Primary IP of the worker
node that you want to update.

```bash
ibmcloud ks worker ls --cluster <cluster_name_or_ID>
```

4. Replace the worker node to update the worker node to the latest patch version at
the same major.minor version.

```bash
ibmcloud ks worker replace --cluster <cluster_name_or_ID> --worker
<worker_node_ID>
```

5. Repeat these steps for each worker node that you want to update.
6. Optional: After the replaced worker nodes are in a Ready status, resize the worker
pool to meet the cluster capacity that you want.