## Description

IBM® Key Protect for IBM CloudTM helps you provision encrypted keys for apps across IBM
Cloud services. Use the IBM Key Protect for IBM Cloud key management service (KMS) to
encrypt data in Kubernetes secrets and prevent unauthorized users from accessing
sensitive app information (for example, credentials and keys). Keys are generated by FIPS
140-2 Level 3 certified hardware security modules (HSMs) that are located in secure IBM
Cloud data centers.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Log in to your IBM Cloud account.
2. To view the list of services that are available on IBM Cloud, click **Catalog**.
3. From the **All Categories** navigation pane, click the **Security and Identity** category.
4. From the list of services, click the **Key Protect** tile.
5. Select a service plan, and click **Create** to provision an instance of Key Protect in the
account, region, and resource group where you are logged in.
6. To view a list of your resources, go to **Menu > Resource List**.
7. From your IBM Cloud resource list, select your provisioned instance of Key Protect.
8. To create a new key, click **Add key** and select the **Create a key** window. Specify the
key's name and key type.
9. When you are finished filling out the key's details, click **Create key** to confirm.
10. From the Clusters console, select the cluster that you want to enable encryption for.
11. From the **Overview** tab, in the **Summary > Key management service** section, click
**Enable**.
12. Select the **Key management service** instance and Root key that you want to use
for the encryption.
13. Click **Enable**.
14. Verify that the KMS enablement process is finished. From the **Summary > Master
status** section, you can check the progress.
15. After the KMS provider is enabled in the cluster, data in etcd and new secrets that
are created in the cluster are automatically encrypted by using your root key.
16. To encrypt existing secrets with the root key, rewrite the secrets. This cannot be
done from the console. See the From Command Line section.

### From Command Line:

1. Log in to IBM Cloud through the IBM Cloud CLI.

```bash
ibmcloud login [--sso]
```
2. Select the region and resource group where you want to create a Key Protect
instance.

```bash
ibmcloud target -r <region_name> -g <resource_group_name>
```

3. Provision a public or private Key Protect instance.

```bash
ibmcloud resource service-instance-create <instance_name> kms tiered-pricing
<region> [-p '{"allowed_network": "private-only"}']
```

4. Create a customer root key (CRK) in your KMS instance. You can't use the CLI for
this action; you must use the GUI or API. See the above **From Console** section.

5. Get the ID of the KMS instance that you previously created.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms instance ls
```

6. Get the ID of the root key that you previously created.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms crk ls --instance-id <KMS_instance_ID>
```

7. Enable the KMS provider to encrypt secrets in your cluster. Fill in the options with
the information that you previously retrieved. The KMS provider's private service
endpoint is used by default to download the encryption keys. To use the public
service endpoint instead, include the --public-endpoint option. The enablement
process can take some time to complete.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms enable -c <cluster_name_or_ID> --instance-id
<kms_instance_ID> --crk <root_key_ID> [--public-endpoint]
```

8. Verify that the KMS enablement process is finished. The process is finished when
the Master Status is Ready.

9. After the KMS provider is enabled in the cluster, data in etcd and new secrets that
are created in the cluster are automatically encrypted by using your root key.

10. Set the context for your cluster.

```bash
ibmcloud ks cluster config -c <cluster_name_or_ID>
```

11. With cluster-admin access, rewrite the secrets to encrypt them.

```bash
kubectl get secrets --all-namespaces -o json | kubectl replace -f -
```