## Description

IBM Cloud® Hyper Protect Crypto Services (Hyper Protect Crypto Services for short) is a
dedicated key management service and hardware security module (HSM) based on IBM
Cloud. This service allows you to take the ownership of the cloud HSM to fully manage your
encryption keys and to perform cryptographic operations. Use Hyper Protect Crypt
Services, a dedicated key management service (KMS) and hardware security module
(HSM), to encrypt data in Kubernetes secrets and prevent unauthorized users from
accessing sensitive app information, for example, credentials and keys.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Log in to your IBM Cloud account.
2. To view the list of services that are available on IBM Cloud, click **Catalog**.
3. Search for **Hyper Protect Crypto Services**.
4. Select a service plan, and click **Create** to provision an instance of Hyper Protect
Crypto Services in the account, region, and resource group where you are logged in.
5. To view a list of your resources, go to **Menu > Resource List**.
6. From your IBM Cloud resource list, select your provisioned instance of Hyper
Protect Crypto Services.
7. To create a new key, click **Add key** and select the **Create a key** window. Specify the
key's name and key type.
8. When you are finished filling out the key's details, click **Create** key to confirm.
9. From the Clusters console, select the cluster that you want to enable encryption for.
10. From the **Overview** tab, in the **Summary > Key management service** section, click
**Enable**.
11. Select the **Key management service** instance and **Root key** that you want to use
for the encryption.
12. Click **Enable**.
13. Verify that the KMS enablement process is finished. From the **Summary > Master
status** section, you can check the progress.
14. After the KMS provider is enabled in the cluster, data in etcd and new secrets that
are created in the cluster are automatically encrypted by using your root key.
15. To encrypt existing secrets with the root key, rewrite the secrets. This cannot be done from the console. See the From Command Line section.

### From Command Line:

1. Log in to IBM Cloud through the IBM Cloud CLI.

```bash
ibmcloud login [--sso]
```

2. Select the region and resource group where you want to create a Hyper Protect
Crypto Services instance.

```bash
ibmcloud target -r <region_name> -g <resource_group_name>
```

3. Provision a public or private Hyper Protect Crypto Services instance.

```bash
ibmcloud resource service-instance-create <instance_name> kms tiered-pricing
<region> [-p '{"allowed_network": "private-only"}']
```

4. Create a customer root key (CRK) in your KMS instance. You can't use the CLI for
this action, you must use the GUI or API. See the above From Console section.

5. Get the ID of the KMS instance that you previously created.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms instance ls
```

6. Get the ID of the root key that you previously created.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms crk ls --instance-id <KMS_instance_ID>
```

7. Enable the KMS provider to encrypt secrets in your cluster. Fill in the options with
the information that you previously retrieved. The KMS provider's private service
endpoint is used by default to download the encryption keys. To use the public
service endpoint instead, include the --public-endpoint option. The enablement
process can take some time to complete.

```bash
ibmcloud ks kms enable -c <cluster_name_or_ID> --instance-id
<kms_instance_ID> --crk <root_key_ID> [--public-endpoint]
```

8. Verify that the KMS enablement process is finished. The process is finished when
the Master Status is Ready.

9. After the KMS provider is enabled in the cluster, data in etcd and new secrets that
are created in the cluster are automatically encrypted by using your root key.

10. Set the context for your cluster.

```bash
ibmcloud ks cluster config -c <cluster_name_or_ID>
```

12. With cluster-admin access, rewrite the secrets to encrypt them.

```bash
kubectl get secrets --all-namespaces -o json | kubectl replace -f -
```