## Description

If you experience problems with IBM Cloud, you can use support cases to get help with technical, access (IAM), billing & usage, and invoice or sales inquiry issues. You can create and manage a support case by using the Support Center. Access to Support Center is
governed via IAM roles. In order to access Support Center, a user must have viewer or higher on the Support Center service. To create or edit service cases, a user must have editor or higher on the Support Center service. After you submit a support case, the support team investigates the issue based on your type of support plan.

The types of available support depends on the support level of the account. Your support plan also determines the severity level that you can assign to support cases. For more information, see Case severity and response time.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. In the IBM Cloud console, go to Manage > Access (IAM), and then select Access Groups.
2. Select **Create Access Group**.
3. Give the Access Group a descriptive name, for example, Support Center Viewers or Support Center Admins.
4. Optionally, provide a brief description.
5. Click **Create**.
6. Once the Access Group is created, click on the Access Policies tab.
7. Click **Assign Access**.
8. Click on **Account Management** and select Support Center from the drop down menu.
9. Select the Support Center role(s) that meet your use case. Descriptions are provided for each role in the IAM UI.
10. Click **add**.
11. Click **Assign**.
12. Click on the **Users** tab.
13. Click **Add users**
14. Select users from the list and click **Add to group**.
