## Description

Disable the public service endpoint so that communication to the master from both the
worker nodes and cluster users is established over the private network through the private
service endpoint.

## Remediation

### From Console

1. Log in to the IBM Cloud console at https://cloud.ibm.com/.
2. To view a list of your resources, go to **Menu > Resource List.**
3. From your IBM Cloud resource list, select your cluster.
4. From the **Overview** tab, click the **Disable** button for the public service endpoint.
5. In the modal, click **Disable** to confirm.
6. In the next modal, click **Refresh** to initiate an API server refresh.
7. Optional: Add capacity to your cluster by resizing the worker pool. The pods on the
worker node can be rescheduled and continue running on the added worker nodes
during the update.
8. From the **Worker Nodes** tab, select your worker nodes and click **Replace.**
9. In the modal, click **Replace** to confirm.

### From Command Line:

1. Disable the public service endpoint.

```bash
ibmcloud ks cluster feature disable public-service-endpoint --cluster
<cluster_name_or_ID>
```

2. Confirm the action by clicking yes.
3. Optional: Add capacity to your cluster by resizing the worker pool. The pods on the
worker node can be rescheduled and continue running on the added worker nodes
during the update.
4. Replace the worker nodes so that their configuration is updated to remove the
public service endpoint.

```bash
ibmcloud ks worker replace --cluster <cluster_name_or_ID> --worker
<worker_node_ID>
```
